Add a known issue to TFE v202205-1 release notes. (#2332)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/enterprise/releases/2022/v202205-1.mdx

# TFE Release v202205-1 (619)

## KNOWN ISSUES:

> 1. External Vault users using the default Vault namespace will see the error `/usr/bin/vault-external-configure: line 37: VAULT_NAMESPACE: unbound variable` in the `tfe-vault` logs when attempting to start Terraform Enterprise. This error prevents Terraform Enterprise from starting. To resolve this, run `tfe-admin app-config -k extern_vault_namespace -v '/'` and restart Terraform Enterprise. This does not affect External Vault users that use a custom Vault namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. External Vault users using the default Vault namespace will see the error `/usr/bin/vault-external-configure: line 37: VAULT_NAMESPACE: unbound variable` in the `tfe-vault` logs when attempting to start Terraform Enterprise. This error prevents Terraform Enterprise from starting. To resolve this, run `tfe-admin app-config -k extern_vault_namespace -v 'root'` and restart Terraform Enterprise. This does not affect External Vault users that use a custom Vault namespace.
```

> 1. This release updates the method by which TFE talks to an external Vault. This change caused an unanticipated error when the vault namespace is not provided, preventing successful startup of the application. Effected users will see the following error in the `tfe-base-startup` container: `/usr/bin/vault-external-configure: line 37: VAULT_NAMESPACE: unbound variable`. If you do use a non-root namespace, providing that in the configuration should prevent this issue. If you use the root/default namespace, you should not upgrade to this version. 

Reviewer: Just waiting on @nervda to confirm this fix with the customer.

```suggestion
1. External Vault users using the default Vault namespace will see the error `/usr/bin/vault-external-configure: line 37: VAULT_NAMESPACE: unbound variable` in the `tfe-vault` logs when attempting to start Terraform Enterprise. This error prevents Terraform Enterprise from starting. To resolve this, run `tfe-admin app-config -k extern_vault_namespace -v '/'` and restart Terraform Enterprise. This does not affect External Vault users that use a custom Vault namespace.
```
